they fought the battle for the strictly
crown
now at the world famous language studios
Harry and Chelsea dad's head-to-head
like you've never seen them before
this is Strictly Come Dancing
underwater for Sport Relief
and welcome to this very special edition
of Strictly Come Dancing this is quite
frankly one of the most bonkers things
we have ever attempted for Sport Relief
Strictly is going underwater we have
built our very own ballroom and
submerged it into that tank and in just
a moment our couples will dance on that
very watery stage they film scenes from
Pirates of the Caribbean and James Bond
in that tank
talking of suave sophisticated leading
men his four who certainly won't be
shaken or stirred is the strictly judges
Goodwin Brimmer Tonioli special guest
charge its Olympic swim and chemistry
Contessa
oh boy their boys ahoy yeah you look all
accessory look about 700 Len if I can
call you captain Len captain that yes
please Oh what are you expecting and how
excited are you it's got to be very
difficult Claudia I am truly excited
this is a unique experience for me 50
years of judging ballroom dancing and
Here I am Foreman in a punt getting
ready to watch this and I can't wait I
don't know what do it but I'm hoping
it's gonna be gorge I've got a feeling
it's gonna be gorgeous me too Bruno how
challenging is it gonna be cuz I know
we're all here for Sport Relief but
actually at the moment that Chelsea and
Harry have got to walk down those stairs
and dance quite hard
oh it's incredibly hard because what you
have imagine you have the resistance of
the water so every shape you make and
everything you do you have to kind of
calculate in the way the resistance of
what the Magno is all about it but there
is the weightlessness as well so if
you're clever you can use the
weightlessness that the water gives you
to do fantastic smooth exchange so you
know there are pros and cons but I'm
sure it's gonna be amazing okay Craig I
know you're normally livid but this is
the Sport Relief and they are small and
they are underwater
are you excited in any way and joyful I
am excited I'm looking forward to it all
going horribly wrong darling now mark
you know more than the judges how
difficult would it be to move under that
much water it's also a massive tank it's
not like they're in a puddle no no it's
gonna be it's incredibly different
I'm from actually doing it on land you
have like bruno said you've got
resistance against you and also when
you're doing movement under water you do
get out of breath so they're gonna be
looking for breath as well I know
they've got mouth pieces on but it's
gonna be a lot of far different from on
that okay thank you so much right first
up it's strictly champions Harry and
Aliona but before they put the motion in
your ocean let's see how they got on in
training
winning strictly was absolutely amazing
so when we asked these shitty underwater
we we jumped to the opportunity when I
arrived here this morning at high mood
at the underwater stage I kind of felt
like I was filming a new Bond movie got
in the water got the scuba equipment and
went straight to the bottom at some
point you could play the den fun theme
music whilst I'm under there that would
be really good
and then we started doing the ballroom
dancing moving through water is a lot
harder it's like moving through truth
you can't really communicate either
you're just doing this I think I am
isn't right power to take it away no
kryptonite training for the series and
strictly you do 810 hours a day dancing
underwater
we've managed about three today because
it's a lot more strenuous we'll have
much time
the routine is not set so we're gonna
have to work through that hard tomorrow
panicking yet
dancing for sport Witek Patti jump and
Aliona Villani
standing on the edge of four
at the star
shouting
we will need you
well
wait
oh there you all
absolutely amazing dog smashing you
clever girl guys do you want robe you
know thank you
Oh massive congratulations that was it
you looked brilliant and beautiful how
did it feel it's felt amazing yeah very
different than in some land yeah we are
all I mean you took our breath away how
many how was it no it's good fun loved
it really good okay let's go to the
judges our lovely guest judge mark how
did they cope I think they're naturally
fantastic I mean absolutely brilliant
I'll just say that is there anything you
can't do both of you I mean it's
absolutely phenomenal the shapes you
make and everything else you feel for
the water
you were like happy feet down there Oh
in a good way Bruno what did you think
Hello Sailor I don't know why but I have
this sudden urge I want to dive in I
really do
slick and streamlined truly a wonder
down under the shape were beautiful both
of you were like a marvel of the abyss
loved it
okay thank you very much for your
comments Craig what did you think as
well you both took the plunge darling
and it actually paid off
elegant liquid clean lines loved her I
felt waves of emotion darling especially
when you went into that wonderful double
attitude turn that looked absolutely
incredible you then followed that into
the fish lift which I thought was
completely and absolutely appropriate
and the upper body strength Aliona you
demonstrated underwater a one-arm press
absolutely brilliant Oh delicious Tom
and head judge cam tail in the movement
and the lips were beautiful you know
they say that 80% of all life in the
world is underwater and you were full of
life well done oh thank you so much
you very happy with those judges comment
extremely happy they were beautiful it
must have been an extraordinary
experience and then to come out and
actually have the Revel Horwood be nice
it's just a double joy I've never seen
him so nice it's quite a shock really
but no amazing comment so thank you very
much okay uh judges I believe your
scores please will the judges please
reveal their scores Mark Foster heights
Bruno Tonioli trade rental home 9 now
Len Goodman Hey
do that okay good